Before dawn, you said you were responsible for me
Damn stinky pussy
Fuck his mother and beat me
Ok you fucking pay me
Stinky dog, please let me go, okay?
Then 500,000 think I borrowed it from you
I will definitely work hard to make money and pay it back
return
Ah, I'm too cruel
Did you do it?
I may not have considered it yet
But what the hell are you doing to me?
I won't kill you tonight
I don't fucking love my wife
Give me back
Hmm go
not afraid
Miss Li Zoning seems to have been taken away
Are we really going to die?
He finds someone to bully and continues to be the retribution he deserves
I don't think Miss Ming
Like a bully
Is there any misunderstanding between him and Miss Song?
What misunderstanding can there be?
Bullying is said by the reporter himself
The work has just been cleaned up.
The evidence is solid
But Miss Ming, he just said no but
If you say one more word, you will accompany him.
Toast without penalty
Today Lao Tzu
Let you taste my power
Ah!
Ah, lie to me!
The louder you scream, the more excited I get
Let's see.
You have such a throat today
No one will come to save you
Hahahahaha ah
Bitch is fucking dead
Mingwei
You just said I promised you that I would be responsible for you
What does that mean?